chore: improve maintainers docs (#1226)
slackapi/bolt-python: .github/maintainers_guide.md

$ brew install pyenv
```

> Install necessary Python runtimes for development/testing. You can rely on Travis CI builds for testing with various major versions. <https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/blob/main/.travis.yml>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install necessary Python runtimes for development/testing. You can rely on GitHub Actions workflows for testing with various major versions. <https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/tree/main/.github/workflows>
```

One more change while this line is being reviewed 😉

Author: Nice 💯 good catch I just blindly followed the linters advice

Reviewer: Super curious what linter this is? I love all of the changes 😄

Author: I believe this is [Markdown All In One](https://github.com/yzhang-gh/vscode-markdown) but I've testing out a few formatters and linters now have really wowed me 😞 

The Deno builtin one is good but requires that all our project use Deno so I don't think its an option

Would like to one day settle on one for all our projects

3. (Slack Internal) Communicate the release internally

#### Production Deployment

1. Create the commit for the release:
   - Bump the version number in adherence to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/) in `slack_bolt/version.py`
   - Build the docs with `./scripts/generate_api_docs.sh`.
   - Commit with a message including the new version number. For example `1.2.3` & Push the commit to a branch and create a PR to sanity check.
     - `git checkout -b v1.2.3`
     - `git commit -a -m 'version 1.2.3'`
   - Open a PR and merge after receiving at least one approval from other maintainers.

2. Distribute the release

>    - Use the latest stable Python runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Use the latest stable Python runtime
      - `python --version`
```

QQ: Do the scripts below make sure the latest `python` is used? That's a little unclear to me, but no blocker!

Author: No they do not, in some situations we may want to build with versions that are not the latest

But I like this recommendation 💯

      - `python -m venv .venv`
      - `./scripts/deploy_to_pypi_org.sh`
   - Create a new GitHub Release from the [Releases page](https://github.com/slackapi/bolt-python/releases) by clicking the "Draft a new release" button.
      - Enter the new version number updated from the commit (e.g. `v1.2.3`) into the "Choose a tag" input.
      - Ensure the tag `Target` branch is `main` (e.g `Target:main`).

>       - Click the "Create a new tag: x.x.x on publish" button. This won't create your tag immediately.

Reviewer: > This won't create your tag immediately.

🙏 ✨
